The world is on fire
I can see the flames outside my window; I dare not open the window. But it is only a matter of time before the flames consume me too. Has it always been my destiny to die in a world already on fire when I came into it. It was not my parents’ fault it was on fire, they did not know it would kill them, then kill me too.
The smoke has not yet made its way inside. I fortunately was able to plan by supplying stock and surrounding myself with people that make passing the time easy. But it is just a matter of time. My life will have no real meaning. Just like theirs has no real meaning. We are all going to be consumed by the fire. Those who started the fire, well they ensured they will never be ensnared by it. They ensured they would never be held accountable for it. Though, they were also the ones who created the laws that forbade anyone else from starting a fire.
You see, these fire-starters, they control it. They control how far it spreads, which area is consumed whole. Which is spared. Yet they choose a slow demise for people, slowly swallowing up the young, the good, and the righteous. Some of us survive for almost full length lives, but always in fear of the fire. What life is that, when you see the flames outside your window your whole life. Wanting a world that is livable, a world that is safe. The fear is how they control the people. This is why they will never pay for their crime, though everyone sees they started the blaze. Though everyone sees they are always left unscathed by the flames. 
There is very little purpose in my writing of this, for when I am consumed by the flame, or the inevitable smoke, these writings shall also perish. Maybe there is hope that by some fortunate mistake or happenstance, the flames will spread apart and encircle these writings, and someone will read it. They will see their future through my past and will be able to plan faster, better, and keep the flames away from their windows. 
I know this is wishful thinking but wishes and dreams are all one has when the orange and red hues paint the walls. With shadows dancing scenes of war and suffering that can only be watched. The spectator knows they cannot stop the scenes, for they are not happening in real time. Maybe the reader can do better than us. 
